add deploy to production (#591)
Laravel-Backpack/docs: 6.x/faq.md

- mention the steps you have followed to get there (e.g. `composer require backpack/pro`, `php artisan backpack:require:pro` etc.);
- include a screenshot of the console output, so we can understand what happened;
- cross out any personal data (e.g. token username or password); 

<a name="how-do-i-deploy-backpack-to-production"></a>
### How do I deploy Backpack to production?

> This is a detailed step-by-step guide for deploying a Backpack project to production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploying a Laravel+Backpack project to production isn't very different from deploying a normal Laravel project to production. You only need to account for Basset, the system in Backpack that publishes the CSS and JS assets your admin panel needs. 

That being said, here's a detailed step-by-step guide to deploying a Backpack project to production, that should work for most production servers: 
```
